-----------Key used: bellaso----------
congratulations! by decrypting this message, you have completed step one of this
assignment. to complete the next step of the assignment, you must submit the
code to the tools you used to decrypt this message in a bitbucket repository.
you probably used a kasiski examination, and then a brute-force on all keys of
the discovered length(s). submit the code you used for both of these steps to a
private bitbucket repository named cs1653-vigenere-abc123, where abc123 is your
pitt username. if you solved step one using entirely pen and paper, scan your
handwritten document and submit it. in either case, submit a readme file
describing your approach. if you have little documentation about your solution,
you may choose to implement a basic kasiski examination to ensure that you get
full points on this step of the assignment.

for the remaining steps of this assignment, you will need to create a gpg key
pair, request a digital certificate (with another key pair) from pitt's pki, and
send two emails to our course ta, each signed with one of your private keys, and
encrypted with one of his public keys. first, you should learn to use gpg. there
are many resources available on the web regarding the use of gpg, so you are
responsible for learning this tool. you should also learn how to request a
digital certificate, and to use a digital certificate to send an email message.
documentation on using a digital certificate is available on pitt's computing
services web page.

once you have read available documentation for the above tools, you can complete
the final steps of this assignment. to send the gpg encrypted, signed email,
first generate an rsa key pair. use the current recommended strength of bit
length. send your public key to a keyserver (we recommend the gnupg keyserver).
hand-deliver your public key fingerprint to the ta. you may need to provide your
id if the ta does not know you by name. he will provide you with his key
fingerprint, and then will send you a gpg signed email providing information
about acquiring his public key. once you acquire his public key, use it to
verify the signature on the email. finally, send a signed, encrypted email to
the ta with the following information: the command you used to verify the
signature, the command you will use to sign and encrypt the email, the keyserver
you used to store your public key, and a short paragraph explaining why you
needed to hand-deliver your gpg public key fingerprint (and receive his
fingerprint in person).

to send the pki encrypted, signed email, you will need to request a certificate
from pitt. as mentioned above, you can find information about this on pitt's
computing services web page. email the ta and request him to send a signed email
to you so that you can acquire his public key and certificate. once you receive
this, verify the signature. then, use the public key in the included certificate
to send a second signed, encrypted email to the ta with the following
information: a sentence explaining how you verified the signature; a short
paragraph explaining why you did not need to hand-deliver information about your
pki public key to the ta; a short paragraph comparing the experiences of sending
signed, encrypted emails in the gpg and pki scenarios; and a short paragraph
explaining the pros and cons of each method overall. for instance, you may
consider which you trust more, which is more accessible, which was easier to
use, etc. once you send both emails, you have completed this assignment.
